Features/nicomana (#199)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/pci-compliant-merchants/receiving-payment-by-card.en.md

>
> * Implement the [payment processing via API](/guides/payments/api/receiving-payment-by-card.en.md#recibir-un-pago-con-tarjeta).
> * Possess the document Attestation of Compliance (AOC) signed by a QSA Consultant.

> > * For more information in order to post server to server payments being PCI compliant contact: developers@mercadopago.com.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> * For more information in order to post server to server payments being PCI compliant contact us through support section.
```
